CARRIER REQUIREMENTS:

ci

a

10.
A.

12.
Lz,

14,
EDR

16.

Ld.

18.

16,

Carriers or its agents certify that any TRU equipment furnished will be following compliance with the in-use requirements of the

California TRU regulations. :
Late pickup/delivery without advanced communication will result in fines.
Daily check-calls need to be made EVERY DAY before 0900 EST and M-F at 4pm with the person you received the load tender from.

a. Weneed arrival and departure check-calls from each stop at the time of event.
We need pictures of ALL BOL’s, Reefer Temp and Seal on the trailer BEFORE departure from each stop until the load is finished.

b.

c. Weneed pictures of ALL signed POD’s and any Receipts for the load BEFORE departure from the last stop.
McLeod App/Macropoint Requirement - We need drivers to connect before they drive to the shipper and stay visible on the McLeod App
or Macropoint until we receive all of the paperwork for the load. Fuel Advances will only be provided to carriers that are running 100% of

our loads on Macropoint or the McLeod Everywhere app.

a. Non-compliance will result in fines.
Any loads that weigh more then 42,500lbs need a lightweight scale ticket with at least a % tank of fuel before arriving to shipper.

All Refrigerated loads must have the reefers set to Continuous, a working Air-Chute and have an Air-Ride Trailer.

Any Temperature Discrepancies from the load tenders required temperature and the BOL’s from the shipper MUST be reported
immediately to Estrella Dispatch Inc before leaving that shipper’s dock to determine what temperature to maintain the load at.

Any produce loads must have the product temperature recorded for each pallet during loading on a temperature sheet provided by
Estrella Dispatch Inc and must be sent back to Estrella Dispatch Inc filled out & signed before leaving each stop. Non-compliance may end

up in a rejected load that will end up ina carrier claim.
Place Temp Recorder half way from Nose of trailer on the left-hand wall,

Do not load damaged Product
Case counting and Pallet counting is required by each driver for each stop(loading/unloading). If there are any discrepancies between the

load tender and the BOLs during loading or unloading the driver must report it immediately to Estrella Dispatch Inc before leaving that

stop. Total rate may be negatively adjusted if overages or shortages are not reported in time to correct the counts.

If product is approved by Estrella Dispatch to be cut after loading due to weight issues, an updated BOL showing the correct

a.
pper to use for delivery otherwise driver will be held responsible for

counts must be obtained before leaving the dock at the shi
the shortages.

Secure all loads with at least 2 load locks.
All loads need to be sealed at the time of loading. Please check at least once a day to ensure properly secured. For any reason the seal

has been removed, broken, tampered with or needs to be removed by Law Enforcement, Estrella Dispatch Inc must be notified

immediately. All multi-stop loads need to have the correct amount of seals when arriving to the first shipper. You must also keep a seal
you reseal the trailer after each stop. This seal number must

log and write the new seal number on the BOL for the next stop as soon as
ed by photo either to an email or a text message with your

also be reported to Estrella Dispatch Inc as soonas it is finished being secur

point of contact.
Delivery appointments are subject to change depending on previous stops loading/unloading times.

Break Down Communication need to be communicated as soon as it is safe to do so by email to the email chain that sent you the load
tender. After the initial email notice, the driver must include details of what caused the breakdown, contact information for the
mechanics coming to repair the truck/trailer and an ETA on when they will arrive, Failure to communicate this more than 3 hours aftera
breakdown will result in partial payment of at least but not limited to half of the freight rate. We do not want your money, just your

communication.
Pallet fees/lumper fees must be reported during loading/unloading by email with the Estrella Dispatch Order number in the subject or

they may be denied. We will need a legible copy/picture of the receipt sent immediately, no later than 2 hours after the accessorial was

paid or may be denied. Failure to inform us of accessorials will result in non-payment of those accessorials. Canceled or unused
first time.

Comchecks will result ina $15 deduction. Please make sure you get the amount right the
Requests for Detention must be reported 2.5 hours after the scheduled appointment time by email to Detention@EstrellaDispatch.com
with the Load Number in the subject and followed with legible copies/pictures of the BOL’s showing in/out times or the request may be
denied. Detentions typically start 4 hours after a scheduled appointment. There is no detention for FCFS facilities unless otherwise

negotiated in writing. DO NOT SEND YOUR INVOICE until your detentions approved or denied.
you are confirming your insurance covers the cargo value and Cargo content and does not exclude all or any

By signing this load tender,

of the value or contents.
Legible Copies/Pictures of signed BOL’s and/or POD’s along with any additional receipts for this load must be faxed to 239-294-3995 or

emailed to the Account Manager on the Load Tender within 4 hours of pickup/delivery or delayed payment and/or fees may be applied.
