BILLING - INVOICE INFORMATION:

INVOICING INSTRUCTIONS: Send ONE email per load to rellaDispatch.co including ALL of the following in order to get paid:

1. EMAIL SUBJECT LINE: The Load/Movement Number MUST b
naWiliteh ITAE <UBIeEBTInA) e in the Subject Line when invoicing by email. (If you want QuickPay, it MUST
2. CARRIER INVOICE: an up-to-date invoice showin
B any advan i
re Trerine coin eehenanearitultivaton. ces and any additional accessorial on the load with our load number for
3. PODS/RECEIPTS: Legi '
sie . ea Piicitdiceatrnn of ALL BOL’s including the signed BOL’s and/or POD’s along with any additional receipts for this
peat o AP@Estre aDispatch,com within 4 hours of delivery or delayed payment, non-payment and/or fees may be
4. @) : -to- :
LOAD Se an a to-date signed load tender with any additional charges showing on the load tender MUST be included
a. ene charges not included on the submitted rate confirmation will not be reimbursed.
b. Accessorial charges without receipts will not be reimbursed
5. LOA/NOA & LOR: Letter of assignment must be present if you have a factoring company or have changed factoring companies.
6. Payment Options:
@, Quick pay — 1 business day to process and will be paid the next business day with a 2% fee. No other fees.
b. Regular pay — Payment Terms are Net 30 from the receipt of signed original PODs included with your Invoice and Updated
Signed Rate Confirmation.
7. Double brokered loads will result in non-payment.

Triu mph is now our factoring partner that will be paying ALL of our CARRIERS , please see below contact information for Billing issues/concerns

¢ — Invoices/Re-Invoices/Missing Paperwork: email AP@ EstrellaDispatch.com with the Load number in the subject along with everything in
the invoicing instructions above.

e Verification Request Options: email Billing@EstrellaDispatch.com with the Load number in the subject, carrier name, MC, rate and any
other information you need verified. We do not give out information but can only verify.

e¢ Payment Status Requests Options: email Billing@EstrellaDispatch.com with the Load number in the subject so we can look up the load
Or you can use Triumph Pay to get your pay status’.

e Detention Requests: email Detention@EstrellaDispatch.com with the load number in the subject and all information needed to help you.
Updated Rate Confirmations: reply to the email that sent you the confirmation to ask for updated rate confirmations.

Any serious issues or complaints that need to be reported to management can be emailed to Safety@Estre|/aDispatch.com with the load number in the subject, a detailed description of the
issue/complaint in the body of the email and attach any supporting documents you have.

All Carrier Payments are now processed through sip TRIUMPH dN

TriumphPay.com

Please register online in order to receive payments:

Go to secure. TriumphPay.com Get Paid Now!

I
2. Regis
egister igus dee ig Login to TriumphPay.com to manage
3. Connect with Broker Name your brokers and payments
4. Add your payment information
5. Control your money!

